README.MD, before:

# JPRAC
># *Want to practice rollouts? Sacrificing for a medic pick? Sentry jumping? Pyro flare jumps? Anything involving hurting yourself to move around?*
## You've found the right resource to start offline practice.

### Features:
- Teleport with many default locations (supported maps only) to choose from, but also restarting the round or using a custom teleport at the touch of a button!
- Heal or buff (over time and/or instantly), regen ammo, gain invincibility, or choose to give yourself uber, kritz or quick fix uber for a given amount of time!
- Play around with a timer and objective (to place wherever you want) to reach before the timer ends!
- Set up bots with certain classes and positions to hone your skills or have fun!
- Configure who owns the capture points with the option of disabling capture! (to influence bots behaviour mostly)


### To install:

1.  Download jprac.cfg and jprac.nut from this repository
2.  Move jprac.cfg to "Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Team Fortress 2/tf/cfg"
3.  Move jprac.nut to "Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Team Fortress 2/scripts/vscripts"
*Note: You may need to create the 'vscripts' folder inside scripts manually.*


### To use:

Go to your favorite (supported) map.
- Press 'n' to initialize the script.
- Press 'b' to enter the settings menu to configure your settings.
- Press 'v' to execute. Usually this will teleport, heal, regen ammo and set up bots for example.
*Note: You can change the default bindings in the jprac.cfg file.*


#### IMPORTANT NOTE:  I have started this project a while back and had big plans to add more features and improve it overall. However, plans change. Instead of letting it collect dust however, I have decided to release it AS IS. Meaning expect bugs, unimplemented or incomplete features and missing support. Feel free to contribute code (changes) if you like this resource and would like to see it improved.

Commit message:

added pictures to readme and fixed developer enable and disable to show objective

README.MD, after:

# JPRAC
># *Want to practice rollouts? Sacrificing for a medic pick? Sentry jumping? Pyro flare jumps? Anything involving hurting yourself to move around?*
## You've found the right resource to start offline practice.

### Features
- Teleport with many default locations (supported maps only) to choose from, but also restarting the round or using a custom teleport at the touch of a button!
- Heal or buff (over time and/or instantly), regen ammo, gain invincibility, or choose to give yourself uber, kritz or quick fix uber for a given amount of time!
- Play around with a timer and objective (to place wherever you want) to reach before the timer ends!
- Set up bots with certain classes and positions to hone your skills or have fun!
- Configure who owns the capture points with the option of disabling capture! (to influence bots behaviour mostly)


### To install

1.  Download jprac.cfg and jprac.nut from this repository
2.  Move jprac.cfg to "Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Team Fortress 2/tf/cfg"
3.  Move jprac.nut to "Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Team Fortress 2/scripts/vscripts"
*Note: You may need to create the 'vscripts' folder inside scripts manually.*


### To use

Go to your favorite (supported) map.
- Press 'n' to initialize the script.
- Press 'b' to enter the settings menu to configure your settings.
- Press 'v' to execute. Usually this will teleport, heal, regen ammo and set up bots for example.
- Press F5-F8 to save a custom teleport position.
- Press F9 to create a reach objective (to use in conjunction with the timer).
*Note: You can change the default bindings in the jprac.cfg file.*


#### IMPORTANT NOTE:  I have started this project a while back and had big plans to add more features and improve it overall. However, plans change. Instead of letting it collect dust however, I have decided to release it AS IS. Meaning expect bugs, unimplemented or incomplete features and missing support. Feel free to contribute code (changes) if you like this resource and would like to see it improved.


## Screenshots

![Settings Menu Wall A](/readme_screens/20240821171443_1.jpg)
![Settings Menu Wall B](/readme_screens/20240821171450_1.jpg)
![Settings Menu Wall C](/readme_screens/20240821171455_1.jpg)
![Settings Menu Wall D](/readme_screens/20240821171501_1.jpg)
![Objective + Timer](/readme_screens/20240821172608_1.jpg)
![Bot Setup](/readme_screens/20240821173037_1.jpg)
